hey guys Lana here welcome back to
another minecraft Knobloch song today's
song is going to be the main theme song
from Game of Thrones so like always
we're going to start building the
doorbell while you listen to the song
and then you can either leave or you can
continue on and build the doorbell for
yourself and just before we get started
though guys don't forget to check my
facebook page which is linked in the
description below to win your cells a
free minecraft t-shirt as part of my
5000 subscriber giveaway okay guys so
enjoy the video don't forget to check
out link and we will get started
alright guys so that was the new block
song what we're going to now is listen
to the doorbell that we just built okay
and that was it
so what you're going to need to build
this doorbell is first of all a space or
a platform that is 15 by 15 so it's
going to be a square that's 15 by 15
okay
now if you haven't seen any of my
tutorials before and basically what I'm
going to do is tell you how much to tune
each nut walk into I'll also tell you
how many to hit your redstone repeaters
by so that's one tick two ticks three
ticks and four ticks
okay so I will tell you all that I'm
going to go faster than you can actually
tune them in but you can pause the video
after each number and follow along like
that okay so we're going to get started
straightaway so the first number is
going to be 13 6 1
fort x64 Tech's 9 6 2 2 X 11 6 - 2 X 13
6 4 2 X 6 - 2 X 6 turn right one tick
one tick 9 turn right again
2 ticks 11 2 ticks 13 6
for ticks 6 for ticks
9 6 2 2 X 11 6 - 2 X 13 6 2 ticks 2
ticks
6 turn left for ticks 9 2 ticks 11 2
ticks 10 6 1 4 ticks 6 for ticks
10 6 2 ticks 11:6 turn right one tick
one dick 13 6 turn right again for ticks
6 for ticks
10 6 2 ticks
two tix 13-6 for ticks
six four tix
ten six turn left one tick one tick 11 6
turn left again 2 ticks 13 6 for ticks 6
for ticks
10 6 2 ticks 11 2 ticks 6 and a final
one alright guys so that's our Game of
Thrones
main theme song no box song add doorbell
if you had difficulty fall in that along
you can just message me and I will get
back to you ok and help you out if you
enjoyed the video guys don't forget to
leave a like and subscribe and also
don't forget to check the comments for
my link to Facebook where you can win
yourself a free minecraft t-shirt right
guys hope you enjoy the video and I will
see you guys in the next note block song
you